Augh! I've got the database of users, but the whitelist should record which chat it's for!
Also, maybe split out the tripcodes so you can have a different code in different chats (though I don't expect much crosstalk)

The database could be refactored to allow whitelisting usernames before people join.

If the admin leaves, hmmmmmmmmmm, hm.

If certain options are off, there should be messages about that.

/expose could take another's tripcode instead of confirmation.

Is the tripcode calculated every time? That's silly, store it.
I think it's in an array at the top.

Images? (Even stickers) Send a tripcode message first.

If a poll is sent, warn that they're unsupported.

Possible feature: Allow admin to set a flag that lets users send an anonymous message (like opposite of tcode)

Make Installer script to walk people through it (get them to paste in the API code, copy the files for them, etc.)

Timer to delete old messages?
- Can the bot visibly delete messages?

Intercept edits to edit the messages?

Versioning of some kind so I can migrate the database. (Not needed until I need to migrate the database.)

Instructions to automatically restart after a server reboot.
(And maybe something to notify admin on reboot? Maybe canary logs so we know when it failed?)

If you accidentally forward a snippet from further up in the chat that includes your own messages, those messages will have your real name attached.
The first time it happens, don't allow it. Instead, print an error message stating that their name will be revealed, and that any future forwards will be sent through.
Add a flag to the database, 

Toggle for admins to see join attempts when whitelist is on?

Blacklisting should remove from whitelist. Do we want whitelisting to remove from the blacklist? Confirmation message? (I should at least mention that they've been blacklisted.)

Fix:
- JSON Whitelist
- JSON iterateAdmins

Security:
- Encrypt database
 - decrypt into memory at run-time?
- Cut down ports
- Change ports for SSH and FTP





scratchpad


"You can only use a username if they've already tried to join. Otherwise use their ID."